Adapt content from Status style guide (#55)
status-im/ift-docs: manual/3-validate-the-design/writing-rules/style-the-content/links.md

# Links

> Use links to other articles in the IFT documentation, but don't abuse links. For example, don't make the topic look like a Wikipedia article with a link in every sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use links to other articles in the Logos documentation, but don't abuse links. For example, avoid making the topic resemble a Wikipedia article with a link in every sentence.
```

- Limit the links for sources outside the IFT documentation.
- Don't use links in procedural steps, except when you link to a subtask in the same article.
- In general, write the link without using the URL. If you must use the URL, omit the `https://` and the `www` parts of the URL (if the website allows this).
- Don't hide the linked content using the words _here_ or _this_. Instead, write out the content you link.

    | Usage       | Example                       |
    |:------------|:------------------------------|
    | **Correct** | For more details about tokens, check out **Understand Status tokens**. |
    | Incorrect   | For more details about tokens, check out **this** article. |

- When pointing the user to external sources, start you sentence with *For more details*.

    | Usage       | Example                       |
    |:------------|:------------------------------|
    | **Correct** | For more details about tokens, check out **Understand Status tokens**. |
    | **Correct** | For more details, check out **Understand Status tokens**. |
    | Incorrect   | To learn more about tokens, check out **this** article. |

> - For links outside of the IFT documentation site, use the ↗ symbol at the end of the link description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For links outside of the Logos documentation site, use the ↗ arrow symbol at the end of the link description. If the arrow symbol is at the end of a sentence, write a period after the symbol. 
```
